Update processing of parameters in Accept-Signature (#2377)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures.md

The member's value is the serialization of the desired signature parameters and covered components of the target message using the data structure and serialization process defined in {{signature-params}}.

~~~ http-message
NOTE: '\' line wrapping per RFC 8792

Accept-Signature: sig1=("@method" "@target-uri" "@authority" \
  "content-digest" "cache-control");\
  keyid="test-key-rsa-pss";created;tag="app-123"
~~~

The list of component identifiers indicates the exact set of component identifiers to be included in the requested signature, including all applicable component parameters.

The signature request MAY include signature metadata parameters that indicate desired behavior for the signer. The following behavior is defined by this specification:

* `created`: The signer is requested to generate and include a creation time. This parameter has no associated value when sent as a signature request.

> * `expires`: The signer is requested to generate and include a creation time. This parameter has no associated value when sent as a signature request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `expires`: The signer is requested to generate and include an expiration time. This parameter has no associated value when sent as a signature request.
```
